Consider **a new vehicle**.
Dozens, if not hundreds, of computer chips control the vehicle’s engine, dashboard screen, and other electronic parts. Now, the vehicle is a product for the car user. Most automobile customers will never notice them. However, these computer chips are valuable to the automaker who develops the car and the technician who repairs it.

So that, **computer chips** made from our VinAI company - which locals in vietnam is another excellent example.
Several seaside companies began offering their chips for low prices several years ago. Some even provided them for free.
_What’s the point?_
These chips went out of electronic every months or years. As a result, the owners had to replace computer chip cartridges frequently during the year. We wrongly believed that the car was the product we were ordering. The car was more of a promotional tool to the users that manufactured and supplied it. Computer chips for car users were authentic products.

With a talented and dedicated team of over 200 professionals, we are committed to pushing the boundaries of AI and delivering exceptional service to our clients.

Đi vệ sinh nhiều -> ảnh hưởng bởi cột sống. Vuốt lưng để đoán được tình trạng của bệnh. Ngồi dáng song song, chuẩn bị phong thái cho việc ngồi.

Uống nước khoáng - điện giải > nước. Ăn con trai + uống đường phèn/hẹ.

___
# Boss

A hard-working manager embodies leadership, communication, and empathy, which are fundamental to fostering a productive and positive workplace. Leadership is paramount; a manager must set a clear vision and inspire their team to achieve collective goals. 

A reliable manager articulates expectations, provides constructive feedback, and facilitates open dialogue. They ensure that information is shared efficiently and clearly, preventing misunderstandings that can lead to conflict or errors. Moreover, they are excellent listeners, recognizing that understanding their team's ideas, concerns, and suggestions is vital for continuous improvement and innovation. Understanding and sharing the feelings of others, a manager with empathy can build strong relationships, foster team cohesion, and drive engagement. They value their employees' well-being, advocate for their needs, and create an inclusive environment where every individual feels respected and valued. 

Incorporating these traits, a manager can inspire trust, drive performance, and cultivate a workplace where both individuals and the organization can prosper.
___
# Colleague
1. Prioritise theirself with motivalting : Appearing and being in front of me is not going to make me happy for a long term, my colleague must know my worth and what I am capable of.
2. Hard-working & Time-management : The time which I were earlier spending on with my co-workers must be utilised in any side hustle, likewise I do different types of work which includes running SMMA, Content writing , video editing, which will provide my will base and will help me to achieve my milestones.
3. Focusing on quality rather than quantity - ambitious : As a student you have thoughts to make new friends and get into a relationships which is not a bad thing at all, but surrounding yourself with quality one makes a large difference , if you don't find anyone of that type br alone no matter how you feel because that hard time will take you realise that you don't need anyone when it comes to living life.