He is as tall as his sister.
She is stronger than her brother. 
This book is more interesting than that one
The line at the supermarket is much longer than usual.
She handled the situation further more professionally than anyone else in the office.
The lamp is the tallest thing in the class.

## "Human lifespan++" launch plans
### - Slogan 
Dead people receives more flowers than the living ones, because "**Regret is stronger than gratitude.**"
### - Advertising
- Go talk to my users, wherever they are, not just my friends. Demo the product to them / make them younger, and ask for their feedback. Give them a discount or some other incentive for being part of my "early access program". 
- "Human lifespan" is sold to customer as a way to have a great time living in life, using youthful ads. When these youthful ads in Theads / Tiktok are done by known young-ish celeb, that customer associate quality to that product, and would view these products as being good quality over a similar "local" product (e.g. heathy food, UV light). 
> Now the "quality product" can charge 2-3rs extra and still lead the market vernus a local product which will try to rely on the lower price point. That 2-3rs is pure profit (minus the ad expenses).
- Repeat, repeat, repeat. My sales/acquisition channel will reveal itself.
### - Endorserment
- People don't buy something because their favorite celebrity told them to. People associate qualities to products based on the advertising. 
### - Special events
- Limited-time offers and/or non-discount codes capture attention and create FOMO for customer. Time-sensitive messages make special events noticeable and drive clicks + promoted video on event's social network.


